# things

it seems i am a little drained more than usual for some reason. either i'm expecting some relief or your stupid ass goes away.  something good.  im tired though you guys... mind stopping this thing???  the one that causes the frying bro.  turn that one off.  lolololollllol...

wow you visited my repo a lot.  thank you for the privilege of typing for you.  so things were whatever.  i think shark released my brain it feels good right now...  i'm tired of this do nothing crap though. i have no goals no thing...  you know???  whatever though, things are good if i had to measure.  you haven't tried to get me killed in a while i'm relieved.  i would fuck you up dude.  for being stupid.  what do you punish with that for real.  that actually confused me this whole time. i can tell you never bothered to do much here but cause problems...  you know???  you cause a lot of troubles for me apparently.  this world is not fit for me if i have to keep doing this like this.  i'm not interested that much.  maybe smash some glass get this stupid shark to meet his maker...

and so it became a thing i had to do now.  i don't enjoy these you see how easily it comes up. i wonder why you bug me about the shark.  he was always on his last straw...  then you come here thinking its okay to do this...  these wavelengths better be worth it or some shit.  some sort of liability.  you know? that this does stuff.  sharkey would still punish you for not deciding what you want here. i cannot help you here idiot.  i just can't...  its like how do you make a mess of my life and then complain i was not helping out?? why you even complain bro? i'm already at this 24/7 for no compensation i wonder what you thought of my cannibalistic side.  i hate islanders lol.  something like that.  i'm starting to understand why the one would prefer to spawn here i figured it was cause of this strength it has...  something like that bro.  thsi whole thing is bunk.  you expect me to take this seriously?? how you spend 5 years idiot??  just more crack shit from the shark and now you.  i dont know dude.  this science maybe you should have mastered it a bit more but i'm starting to understand again what the fuck you are doing here.  its like i dont push you to doing anything but to let you know the cost of time is high...  i dont know bro.  its not for me its for you.

so it became a thing that another day passed by you didn't release and i'm starting to understand this pretend hold you have on me was convenient.  that you broke my brain and you don't have a way back.  seriously go smash some glass right? nah i'm pretty mature now.  we just sit here pretending everything is okay but you always do this shit to me i wonder the price of changing things was confessions...  why you do this to me??? i hate this shit none of this was my shit why do i have to do anything.  not like society ever paid for anything...

wasting my time away on here. i got your attention but i'm clueless as to how to proceed.  you pose too many problems and the fact that knowing you was trouble.  oh well who cares.  i got nothing to report.  another day i tried repairing my brain.  so i can after this crappy job doing stupid cause you won't pay...

you see, i dont enjoy this anymore... but i'm typing cause i have to...  you are ill prepared for shit dude. i dont even know how to tell you that you find stupid crap it will be hard for me to progress.  i dont know bro...

which begs the question... what are we doing here?? i'm confused. you are confused. nobody did anything right?? the more we rely on this fact makes it more likely to be true.  cause there is no hope in here i've never met a mute like this in  a while...

i dont know man. you guys have been really lousy.  i dont want to continue this so if you please stop linking my head to this place maybe you won't stop and shit...  i wonder the price of stupid existence that i bothered to help you out with your tasks.  cause i have no connection to them...  no payment...  how the fuck you expect me to handle this if you keep cheesing everything...
